What we ultimately want out of this project is the ability to sell product whatever that may be to do
so.
We're going to use Strype to accept payments.
First we need to install Strype in terminal closed the server type Pipp install streite then type pit
freeze
Strype is now installed.
Next we need to create a new app so type python managed.
P Why start at Cecco and go to striped or com.
First you're going to have to create an account.
Once you've done that go to your main stripe dashboard from here will be able to manage our Strype account
and user payments.
Next open Try 10 setting Stucky why
add Strype and check to installed apps save settings IPY open up check out views W-why will create a
new view which will render our checkout form so open profiles used why copy log in required rate through
return render next you're going to paste everything.
Open profiles UDP white and copy line 1 then return to check view stop he y and pasted on line 1.
Type check out after death.
Then delete and check out.
HTL.
If the user is not logged in they will be redirected to the logon page.
We need to create the template.
Check out the HD MLM S.R. see Cecco.
Create a new folder called templates.
Then make a new file save it and check out templates as Cecco that HDMI out.
Open templates profiles that aged him out.
Copy all of profiles that H-G amount.
Then open Cecco can aged him out paste and delete usery username user email on line 5 and 6 save.
Check out our HD amount.
We now need to make sure you are out for the Cecco page so open try 10 years or else stop.
Why.
First let's import the checkout view type into line 23 from check out import views as.
Check out underscore views
on line 29.
Copy the profile you are out and then paste and add the necessary Cecco parameters.
Once you've done that save you you are stuck.
Why open up your terminal and collect your static files.
Once you've done that you can open up Crome make sure that you are logged and once you are go to slash
check it log in is required for this page to render will be redirected to the logon page so you can
go ahead and log in now were redirected to slash.
Check out the Cecco page is blank.
Go to the following Strype you are el.
Once you're there copy the form from the example code.
Once you have that copied open check out DML and then paste the borrowed code in your content block
on check out Chimo
once that's complete go back to Strype dot com.
Scroll down to step 1 collecting credit card information and then copy script type open profiles templates
based on age TNL and then paste all of the copied code right below placed at the end of the document
so the pages load faster then add a new script block with a properly marked and
open check out that H.T. amount.
Similarly add a new script block under extends based on amount
go back to the Strype you are up still from step 1.
Copy script type equals text slash javascript.
Then open Cecco HMO and paste it in your new block
once that's complete you can save Cecco daddy.
If you're viewing Strypes documentation while Lyddon stripe changes the example code to include your
API keys.
This is our actual publishable key.
Go to the dashboard click your account then account settings.
You may be prompted to sign and click on the API keys tab to reset the API key.
Click the arrows icon go back to your provided you are out and make sure that you're signed in refresh.
Slash check it.
We now have a credit card form open check out H.T. amount type and add C-s Areff underscore token CSIR
F stands for cross site reference forgery.
It prevents the other sites from submitting our site's forms.
This is effectively here for the sake of security.
Next we want to add some bootstrap classes to this form while centering the form inside of a row within
the content block we'll be introducing divisions by adding classes to our specified division.
We're maintaining that bootstrap CSSA will be properly applied.
Once you've done that you can save Cecco out each DML and then refresh slash checkout.
The form was looking a lot better.
Hit submit payment.
Nothing happens.
Go back to the stripe euro.
Next we're going to scroll to step 2.
We need to create a single use token.
Open Cecco got HDMI out at a jig Querrey block
and make sure to add an end block and then paste the J-curve function in between the two
once that's complete.
You can save Cecco to add HDMI out.
We need to load this block of a query into the base file.
So open templates based but each DML
and then type scripts
below your last block below that add document ready.
Function.
This we're going to add another J query block.
Don't worry too much about this J query.
Just know that this is loading the J query which straight needs to work done that we can go back to
stripe dot com.
We need to send the form to our server.
So scroll to step 3
then copy the block of code provide open templates.
Check him out and we're going to copy that code in just above the script tag that can be found online.
Once that's complete save and refresh slash checkout on your you URL hits a submit payment again.
This time we get a prompt that says could not find payment information Strypes test card number is 4
to 4 to 4 times over.
Then put in any three digit CVC number make up any future end date and hit submit payment.
Nothing happens before Strype will take my payment.
We need to set up a few more things in the next tutorial.
We will continue to set up strict.